http://9gag.com/gag/agVyWwn

The main reason I don't want children is because I don't want to go through pregnancy. Morning sickness, loss of bladder control, you have to pee constantly, weird cravings, your mental ability decreases, you gain weight, your figure goes to shit....If someone showed up at my door with a newborn and handed it to me, I would raise that fucker like a champ. But if one month my period is late, and it turns out I'm pregnant, I would freak the fuck out.
I cant imagine how women can deal with the pain when they pull this shit out of their juju , oh god . :O
They are high as fuck when they give birth. Helps a lot.
And they still won't let us fuck them in the ass because it hurts. Bullshit.
Scumbag baby
Where the fuck goes the all the intestines?
Female human got infected via sex and the parasite grow in their body until they hatch out.
Nice...boobs gets bigger
Boobs will definitely grow more than that
Fuck humanity, I would never wish that pain on anybody. Don't worry, future imaginary wifey, we can adopt
All i can look at are the boobs

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vy-TE4OiaHg

He's fucking 21 and she's 30 something cmon﻿
Miranda is also older but shit happened and now she is not married anymore...﻿
Milf bro﻿ 
Yeah but she got kids and Justin can fuck anybody else lol﻿
she fucking fine. if he want to fuck her, that's all the reason he needs﻿
Well think about this way he fucks one of them why would he pick kourtney now he can't fuck any of the sisters. I would have gone with Kendall or khole on some real shit﻿
So that pussy is is still tight﻿
I'll take that back that pussy is lose﻿
her anus probably not tight anymore either﻿
Still fucking hot lol﻿
Lol you're a dumbass. Why would he even photoshop that. It's not like he was trying to make himself skinnier or some shit. Use common sense﻿
And his arms aren't through his sleeves in his jacket retards﻿
I bet you got a fat juicy butt﻿
well i like milfs because I can actually go balls deep, and the skin is softer rather than firm like a 20 yr old.﻿
are u fucking gay? Lol﻿
your a faggot﻿
Each year I hate Justin a little less. If he smashed her I'll never say nothing bad about him again.﻿
this is the stupidest shit ive seen today , i even went to school and there is a lot of stupid shit there.﻿
I agree - this was pathetic, desperate and sad...﻿
Every time she has sex she brings home the evidence. We will know in 9 months.﻿
Besides that wasnt he fucking kendel a while back? Lord knows they a bunch of dirty hoes﻿
That's so nasty she has 3 kids and she's 36 obviously she's the easiest to smash lol﻿
I'd fuck her any day . She a MILF﻿
how is Kourtney the easiest to smash ?﻿
sometimes i wonder why i even check back here once a month, like a dont really care and it just enrages me that people care so much.﻿
So besides her leaving a hotel that she very well could have stayed at, where is the evidence that they are hooking up? Clearly that picture is now irrelevant... TMZ is literally such bullshit﻿
Then why tf did u fucking say "but it's true" you fucking fucks﻿
his people say he started hitting on her... this video is bullshit﻿
maybe he's tired of basic generic hot bitches and wants to go milf﻿
so they hooked up..okay. congrats to the Canadian kid who fucked a milf.﻿
She's denying it so she won't look like a hypocrite.﻿
who cares if they are fucking god damn TMZ you on the Kardashians dick﻿
he smashin﻿
We all know if Kim can still lie saying her ass is real and kylie about them lips, Khloe increasing her ass and saying its due to squats, this i can also believe, The End﻿
ikr she's still quite bangin for someone with 3 kids. damn ;)﻿
This is so stupid. Get a life of your own tmz.
I blame faggot media outlets like TMZ for keeping this no talent midget relevant for this long.  Back in the day Vanilla Ice was gone in a couple of months, nowadays that douche would have a ten year run, he at least he had a hit record.﻿
If he can bone the tightest pussies in the world, why in the world would he want a worn out stretched pussy like KK's?﻿
This is fucking ridiculous. then again, Kourtney  was stupid enough to be with "lord" disick for so long. Why not.﻿
So because they were in the same hotel and a stupid Instagram and your "sources", they're hooking up. Outstanding logic TMZ﻿
why would she sleep with this pussy, what a downgrade from scott. This kid is a punk wannabe.﻿
Justin hooked up with Kendall and kourteny  
Milf chaser,lol﻿
out of all people why would she date Justin bebber, if she did so must have been high﻿
Man I swear tmz is just like a high school rumour club﻿
It's photoshop. I mean I don't like Bieber, but he sure did fool you guys, hard.﻿
This is stupider than the love triangle happening at my high school right now.﻿
Fuck outta here with tht boolshit don't report this shit﻿
bitch hooking up bitch
Yummy Mummy!﻿
I hate jasmin this motherfucker BITCH
Ever since Biebers nudes leaked, she hopped on that shit.﻿

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdcnJtCW6ng

You're the same nigga who'd eat her cigarette filled shit if she said you could email her. lmfao﻿
WELL? did he ever get that DATE? UGHH I HATE CLIFFHANGERS﻿
Lana is fine as shit, idk why I always assumed she was like a 40+ year old lady﻿
if you wear socks with sandals, you deserve to be run the fuck over.﻿
number 2, deserved asshole.﻿
Like someone else said in the comments, Lana is fine, but for whatever reason one would assume she's 40. Not saying 40 year old women are not attractive, but clearly Lana is not 40, she just somehow gives of that vibe and I don't know why.﻿
I FUCKING LOVE LANA DEL REYEY﻿
this guy tryna blame her for driving there.. don't be a fucking creep and follow her everywhere then, hope it broke tbh﻿
he's weird. he's here. and he's queer. Lol jk﻿
That last one wasn't awkward, that was fucking badass. The camera guy is living the dream man.﻿
Lana's mine screw your Camera Guy﻿
lucky mother fucker﻿
Why are  white guys  so obsesesed with the size of a black mans dick and curious to know how he showers?...﻿
start banging out more videos like this, rather watch a 5min video then a 1min new celeb video, i want bloopers and funny shit lol﻿
DAMN BRO give me her email man SHES GORGEOUS!!!﻿

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apUYsFDjJeY

having a ass plus money. well money for an ass lol﻿
Kris didn't mind when he was giving her the big black dick when she was 17 why would she care now﻿
Holy fuck... It just hit me.. Kim is 30+ & was more my older brothers generation & this bitch (Kylie) is taking her place so when I get 23 or some shit. The world will be all up Kylie's ass like they were up Kim's

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuR3TMim5Oo

Kim got ass shots and lazer work. Shit looks like a diaper booty﻿
Her ass is real she just wears padded underwear sometimes﻿
just jealous  you don't have an ass.﻿
Ikr she was fat.﻿
Fuck now im horny! Back to pornhub﻿
Amber rose is a hoe﻿
just like her big bald head﻿
you stupid if you think that , her tits saggy asf only natural tits can. Her ass has cellulite﻿
she was a stripper at 14,15 all kind of men have been sicking them and she had a child so they are going to a bit floppy. AND TO BE HONEST ALL I SEE IS PERFECTLY MELLONS﻿
Kims ass is fake like the rest of her body and life. Amber 100% natural. Anybody that says Kim, ya must like fake better smh﻿
Amber wins because hers is real!!! These Kardashian dicks riders knows its true
u fuckin nerd Amber and Kim are better skinny bitches are boring﻿
Where's the black ladies at??? I know a list of famous black women who beat most of these girls. Smh. So disappointed
I notice the only guys who are into huge butts are blacks and hispanics. White men usually prefer their women slim and petite.﻿
both these chicks are fat and have celulite!!! ass is DISGUSTING!!!﻿
Hard to say. I have zero respect for Kim so it's hard to give her credit for anything... Gotta be Amber.﻿
Where is Kip Force ?? she has an amazing ass !!  As far as this list goes Jen Seltzer wins hands down just because she is fit and her ass looks amazing all the time ...Amber just has a fat ass not that I would kick her out of bed .﻿
I like big butts and I cannot lie﻿
So sad seing all these white girls being praised for their (often even fake) asses while black girls have always been shamed for it. I havent seen one black girl in this entire list while theyre the ones with big & beautiful curves, always have been.﻿
I fuck both them hoes but I'd wanna fuck Amber more
Where nikki at tho . her ass bigger then all them besides that UGLY bitch﻿
Please Get Sophia Vegara off this list cos she doesn't belong there AT ALL. IF it were about boobs, yes but not Butt! She cannot even be compared to JLO!﻿
it cums down to which booty smells the  best I would fuck both of them tho﻿

bro this bitches was ugly.﻿
Who gives a fuck.﻿
there's definitely more girls with better asses then these one.  tmzaa﻿
To the people hating on Kim ya'll just mad cause she's got a better butt then you and its not fake.﻿
kim doesnt outright promote being a slut like amber so kim gets my vote﻿
I prefer boobs. Just Saying.﻿
both are filthy whores!﻿
& they say white girls have no booty﻿
This list is racist.﻿

http://9gag.com/gag/a97M88o#comment
Pg-13 means they can be fucked legally
you can't fuck animations weirdo
Any good hentai faptain?
Why do anime characters always yell like morons about everything?
This bitch won't stop falling over
I wonder what do guys think when they checkout a girl's ass or boobs..
They can fuck at 13 in japan (as far as i know) but they cant see panty shots in anime? I would say that is weird but it is japan, everything there is weird.
in the seikon no qwaser anime the guy has to suck boobs to gain power but in the pg13 THERE IS ALWAYS A RAY OF LIGHT A MADAFAKIN SUNBEAM HIDING THEM THIS IS JUST HORRIBLE


http://9gag.com/gag/aBYQnBZ 
Wait, I can't see John Cen... Ohhh you sneaky bastard, I see what you did there
I'm not really sucked in those things but it's what defines this generation because it's a bunch of stupid trends. It just makes me sad how popular these ridiculous things are and that they define today's youth.
