https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vy-TE4OiaHg

He's fucking 21 and she's 30 something cmon﻿
Miranda is also older but shit happened and now she is not married anymore...﻿
Milf bro﻿ 
Yeah but she got kids and Justin can fuck anybody else lol﻿
she fucking fine. if he want to fuck her, that's all the reason he needs﻿
Well think about this way he fucks one of them why would he pick kourtney now he can't fuck any of the sisters. I would have gone with Kendall or khole on some real shit﻿
So that pussy is is still tight﻿
I'll take that back that pussy is lose﻿
her anus probably not tight anymore either﻿
Still fucking hot lol﻿
Lol you're a dumbass. Why would he even photoshop that. It's not like he was trying to make himself skinnier or some shit. Use common sense﻿
And his arms aren't through his sleeves in his jacket retards﻿
I bet you got a fat juicy butt﻿
well i like milfs because I can actually go balls deep, and the skin is softer rather than firm like a 20 yr old.﻿
are u fucking gay? Lol﻿
your a faggot﻿
Each year I hate Justin a little less. If he smashed her I'll never say nothing bad about him again.﻿
this is the stupidest shit ive seen today , i even went to school and there is a lot of stupid shit there.﻿
I agree - this was pathetic, desperate and sad...﻿
Every time she has sex she brings home the evidence. We will know in 9 months.﻿
Besides that wasnt he fucking kendel a while back? Lord knows they a bunch of dirty hoes﻿
That's so nasty she has 3 kids and she's 36 obviously she's the easiest to smash lol﻿
I'd fuck her any day . She a MILF﻿
how is Kourtney the easiest to smash ?﻿
sometimes i wonder why i even check back here once a month, like a dont really care and it just enrages me that people care so much.﻿
So besides her leaving a hotel that she very well could have stayed at, where is the evidence that they are hooking up? Clearly that picture is now irrelevant... TMZ is literally such bullshit﻿
Then why tf did u fucking say "but it's true" you fucking fucks﻿
his people say he started hitting on her... this video is bullshit﻿
maybe he's tired of basic generic hot bitches and wants to go milf﻿
so they hooked up..okay. congrats to the Canadian kid who fucked a milf.﻿
She's denying it so she won't look like a hypocrite.﻿
who cares if they are fucking god damn TMZ you on the Kardashians dick﻿
he smashin﻿
We all know if Kim can still lie saying her ass is real and kylie about them lips, Khloe increasing her ass and saying its due to squats, this i can also believe, The End﻿
ikr she's still quite bangin for someone with 3 kids. damn ;)﻿
This is so stupid. Get a life of your own tmz.﻿
I blame faggot media outlets like TMZ for keeping this no talent midget relevant for this long.  Back in the day Vanilla Ice was gone in a couple of months, nowadays that douche would have a ten year run, he at least he had a hit record.﻿
If he can bone the tightest pussies in the world, why in the world would he want a worn out stretched pussy like KK's?﻿
This is fucking ridiculous. then again, Kourtney  was stupid enough to be with "lord" disick for so long. Why not.﻿
So because they were in the same hotel and a stupid Instagram and your "sources", they're hooking up. Outstanding logic TMZ﻿
why would she sleep with this pussy, what a downgrade from scott. This kid is a punk wannabe.﻿
Justin hooked up with Kendall and kourteny  
Milf chaser,lol﻿
out of all people why would she date Justin bebber, if she did so must have been high﻿
Man I swear tmz is just like a high school rumour club﻿
It's photoshop. I mean I don't like Bieber, but he sure did fool you guys, hard.﻿
This is stupider than the love triangle happening at my high school right now.﻿
Fuck outta here with tht boolshit don't report this shit﻿
bitch hooking up bitch
Yummy Mummy!﻿
I hate jasmin this motherfucker BITCH
Ever since Biebers nudes leaked, she hopped on that shit.﻿

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdcnJtCW6ng

You're the same nigga who'd eat her cigarette filled shit if she said you could email her. lmfao﻿
WELL? did he ever get that DATE? UGHH I HATE CLIFFHANGERS﻿
Lana is fine as shit, idk why I always assumed she was like a 40+ year old lady﻿
if you wear socks with sandals, you deserve to be run the fuck over.﻿
number 2, deserved asshole.﻿
Like someone else said in the comments, Lana is fine, but for whatever reason one would assume she's 40. Not saying 40 year old women are not attractive, but clearly Lana is not 40, she just somehow gives of that vibe and I don't know why.﻿
I FUCKING LOVE LANA DEL REYEY﻿
this guy tryna blame her for driving there.. don't be a fucking creep and follow her everywhere then, hope it broke tbh﻿
he's weird. he's here. and he's queer. Lol jk﻿
That last one wasn't awkward, that was fucking badass. The camera guy is living the dream man.﻿
Lana's mine screw your Camera Guy﻿
lucky mother fucker﻿
Why are  white guys  so obsesesed with the size of a black mans dick and curious to know how he showers?...﻿
start banging out more videos like this, rather watch a 5min video then a 1min new celeb video, i want bloopers and funny shit lol﻿
DAMN BRO give me her email man SHES GORGEOUS!!!﻿

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apUYsFDjJeY

having a ass plus money. well money for an ass lol﻿
Kris didn't mind when he was giving her the big black dick when she was 17 why would she care now﻿
Holy fuck... It just hit me.. Kim is 30+ & was more my older brothers generation & this bitch (Kylie) is taking her place so when I get 23 or some shit. The world will be all up Kylie's ass like they were up Kim's

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuR3TMim5Oo

Kim got ass shots and lazer work. Shit looks like a diaper booty﻿
Her ass is real she just wears padded underwear sometimes﻿
just jealous  you don't have an ass.﻿
Ikr she was fat.﻿
Fuck now im horny! Back to pornhub﻿
Amber rose is a hoe﻿
just like her big bald head﻿
you stupid if you think that , her tits saggy asf only natural tits can. Her ass has cellulite﻿
she was a stripper at 14,15 all kind of men have been sicking them and she had a child so they are going to a bit floppy. AND TO BE HONEST ALL I SEE IS PERFECTLY MELLONS﻿
Kims ass is fake like the rest of her body and life. Amber 100% natural. Anybody that says Kim, ya must like fake better smh﻿
Amber wins because hers is real!!! These Kardashian dicks riders knows its true
u fuckin nerd Amber and Kim are better skinny bitches are boring﻿
Where's the black ladies at??? I know a list of famous black women who beat most of these girls. Smh. So disappointed
I notice the only guys who are into huge butts are blacks and hispanics. White men usually prefer their women slim and petite.﻿
both these chicks are fat and have celulite!!! ass is DISGUSTING!!!﻿
Hard to say. I have zero respect for Kim so it's hard to give her credit for anything... Gotta be Amber.﻿
Where is Kip Force ?? she has an amazing ass !!  As far as this list goes Jen Seltzer wins hands down just because she is fit and her ass looks amazing all the time ...Amber just has a fat ass not that I would kick her out of bed .﻿
I like big butts and I cannot lie﻿
So sad seing all these white girls being praised for their (often even fake) asses while black girls have always been shamed for it. I havent seen one black girl in this entire list while theyre the ones with big & beautiful curves, always have been.﻿
I fuck both them hoes but I'd wanna fuck Amber more
Where nikki at tho . her ass bigger then all them besides that UGLY bitch﻿
Please Get Sophia Vegara off this list cos she doesn't belong there AT ALL. IF it were about boobs, yes but not Butt! She cannot even be compared to JLO!﻿
it cums down to which booty smells the  best I would fuck both of them tho﻿
bro this bitches was ugly.﻿
Who gives a fuck.﻿
there's definitely more girls with better asses then these one.  tmzaa﻿
To the people hating on Kim ya'll just mad cause she's got a better butt then you and its not fake.﻿
kim doesnt outright promote being a slut like amber so kim gets my vote﻿
I prefer boobs. Just Saying.﻿
both are filthy whores!﻿
& they say white girls have no booty﻿
This list is racist.﻿

http://9gag.com/gag/a97M88o#comment
Pg-13 means they can be fucked legally
you can't fuck animations weirdo
Any good hentai faptain?
Why do anime characters always yell like morons about everything?
This bitch won't stop falling over
I wonder what do guys think when they checkout a girl's ass or boobs..
They can fuck at 13 in japan (as far as i know) but they cant see panty shots in anime? I would say that is weird but it is japan, everything there is weird.
in the seikon no qwaser anime the guy has to suck boobs to gain power but in the pg13 THERE IS ALWAYS A RAY OF LIGHT A MADAFAKIN SUNBEAM HIDING THEM THIS IS JUST HORRIBLE

http://9gag.com/gag/aBYQnBZ
don't be sucked in by Facebook and other shit then. That's just the rubbish that the dumber part of generations bring along. It's always happened in history, always will. Avoid it and this can be one of the best generations out.
Wait, I can't see John Cen... Ohhh you sneaky bastard, I see what you did there
I'm not really sucked in those things but it's what defines this generation because it's a bunch of stupid trends. It just makes me sad how popular these ridiculous things are and that they define today's youth.
I do agree on that. Because social media is so big now and that is how these stupid trends are spread, it seems that everyone catches onto them and either follows them or joins them.
Yes, but that doesn't make this generation any worse than previous ones or future ones. The internet has changed a lot, but people aren't magically getting dumber because of it. People older than you think that this generation is shit, when this is actually due to something known as Juvenoia... They're not right, because people have been thinking that since the beginning of time.
so gay rights and a way of sending support to terrorism victims are stupid trends?
these things only happen in america... you selfish motherfuckers
The don't judge me challenge is a "challenge" for pussies. There is nothing difficult in doing that, so are most challenges teens find enjoyable to do.
It's probably the most idiotic challenge: pretty white girls making fun of people with features that aren't considered to be attractive by the society at large.
Stupid shit. Stupid shit everywhere.
It's a joke, not a dick. Don't take it so hard.
get lost little retarded snowflake,
What the stupid world
What's the weird painted face girl one?
Fuck I saw it blue and black then I looked again and it was white and golden
And it sucked....
Humanity has become pretty dumb...
Those lip suckers are so dumb
And more facts about our pathetic society...
We did some stupid shit, aren't we ...
So part of the world just lost some IQ points.And what about gay marriage
Just leave this shit in 2015
stupid gay ass year
To much stupidity in one pack
That fucking don't judge challenge really rattled my fucking cage
What a stupid year
2015 was a stupid year. Except for the bill that was passed
Omg the Kylie Jenner girl looks like she just had an orgasm
See how dumb "we" are getting? @v@
Oh come on, we've all become little sensitive bitches that whatever is said to us, we fall to the ground and cry. My grandfather who served in the war, would be rolling in his grave by how much we've all become pussies.
Damn 2015 was a shitty year
People are so fucking retarded...
I don't understand half this shit

http://9gag.com/gag/azjLdGz
People always bitch about this scene. 
and grievious was cool as fuck
I would just be that one guy who says fuck it and shoots a rocket.
before that imma have to smash everything to pieces
No wtf it looks cool that's why. Not every viewer is a sword fighting analyst. Fighting in movies are never correct. Ever seen kungfu movies? I'm a Muay Thai fighter and I don't bitch about the unnecessary moves. It's just for entertainment.
But looks badass
It looks fucking sick though
Still super badass
Flashlight swords are gay.
Your mom being fucked by your dad was useless.
Its called parrying numbnuts, it's a defensive maneuver used to safeguard oncoming attacks, they just happened to use it at the same time, plus obi wan taught anikin, so their forms are quite similar
To everyone trying to explain this: It still looks bloody stupid. Sword fights are supposed to be exciting, not make people laugh (unless it's a comedy). If any of you are directing something like this, just read up a little on sword choreography.
Still beter than the shit saber fights in The Force Awakens
Maybe useless but fucking cool to watch
Oh, would you stop whining you fuckin' babies?
I'm sick of people trying to justify this nonsense. It's been ten years and it just looks fucking dumb. Get over yourselves.

http://9gag.com/gag/agVyWwn
I love the boob growing
I may sound like an asshole, but I would be kind of relieved if my future wife couldn't have kids. I would love to be a dad someday, but the thought of my wife going through something like that and possibly dying while giving birth really terrifies me
that some scary shit dude
Poor intestine, it is just like, "hey what's going on, uterus plz, uterus stahp, guys some space please, well fuck"
I'm a simple man, I see a drawing of a baby growing inside naked woman, I fap

http://9gag.com/gag/a8j9jpe#comment
I was just waiting for it to fuck up.
Fuck you and your gay snake.
This Gif is actually annoying as fuck.
I have ocdc it's like ocd but it fucking rocks.
I looked to the GIF hoping that at some point this will get fucked up.
http://9gag.com/gag/aGRrvjw#comment
ISIS COULD HAVE FUCKED THAT GOAT YOU BASTARD!
Fuck hell dont spoil.
Fucking morgan.
Fucking spoiler.
Who will he fuck now?
http://9gag.com/gag/aPG0B3q#comment
Why does it look like its fucking the hand?
And WHY THE FUCK do i need to see that?
Horsefly bites fucking hurt and they swell up to be huge!
Fuck those things.
I will kill those fuckers.
I hate those fucking things.
I hate these fuckers they're just as annoying as wasps.
Ewwwwww, I hate these filthy fuckers more than hornets.
http://9gag.com/gag/aKByVVN#comment
finally a good idea to fuck those fuckers
Fucking idiots.

http://9gag.com/gag/a8j9jpe#comment
What the shit does this have to do with ocd?
http://9gag.com/gag/aPG0B3q#comment
smash this shit idiot.
Fuck that shit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gflPTj0GxTc
You're pathetic if you follow this kind of shit.
http://9gag.com/gag/aKByVVN#comment
Good shit fam
http://9gag.com/gag/aOmOBDD#comment
"Shit" dress
Literally looks like shit but still cool lol
No she's just wiping shit on herself, then rewinding the footage
Are her hands covered in shit?
Too bad that the magic color literally looks like shit.
Looks like shit to me
http://9gag.com/gag/aGRqDGK
Holy shit!
Holy shit his fucking hat and so fell off.
Holy shit thats fucking hard.
http://9gag.com/gag/aepE48p
The fox didn't say shit.
Oh shit it's chuckles
http://9gag.com/gag/aAp7VV0
i play the cello and i can confirm that this only guitar stuff is full of shit
Crack climbing is the real Shit!
http://9gag.com/gag/aPyyRLB
Damn that shit looks comfortable
http://9gag.com/gag/a6LzXge
My computer is going to shit a brick.

http://9gag.com/gag/aAp7VV0
ah we're back to wimps with pussy hands
pussy hands are perfect for fapping bro
Comparing dick with pussy
You choose to facking play guitar or climb walls so stop being a pussy about it.
Guitarists a pussys

http://9gag.com/gag/aOmOBDD#comment
I want to make a face print on her ass
http://9gag.com/gag/aAp7VV0
You stupid ass!
tight ass
Have an Ass Full of Noodles
sucked ass
this pictures is an aids-filled cum bubble dripping off a faggots ass.
Blow it out your ass you loose-cunted whore.

http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=screw
Did Jane and Dave really screw last night? 
Screw you!
I want to screw your ass.